welcome to your first flying lesson well
what are you waiting for
once you've got out of your room I want
you to mount it grip it tight on my
whistle three
a lot of the flying sequences and and
dynamic movement sequences using green
screen and rig work if we're working at
flight sequence we'll have the actors on
a practical broom region that allow us
to do a certain amount of movement and
we'll some pretty big rigs where these
inks as a client clamber up and get onto
these brooms and fly around an embryo
later at atmosphere and environment
behind characters individually from the
right correct camera angles with correct
matching lighting too much background
plates that we shot on vacation and then
that you wrote together the result is it
really looks like they're flying through
that environment the kids I think it was
fun hunting today always helps takes one
two or three they love it takes four and
five they're getting a little bit tired
and the bottoms probably a bit sore he
chafed a little bit up for a few hours
up there but it works really well